<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MinutesDecember19 &lt; Operations &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Operations/MinutesDecember19?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MinutesDecember19" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Operations/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/MinutesDecember19"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Operations_Meeting_December_19_2"></a> Operations Meeting December 19, 2005 </h1>
Attendees: Tim, Kyle, Rob Q., Horst, Doug O., Burt, Neha, Shaowen
<p />
No Operations Meetings for the next two weeks due to the holidays.  Our next meeting will be January 9, 2006.
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Previous_Meeting_Notes"></a> Previous Meeting Notes </span></h2>
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesDecember12" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesDecember12</a>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Support_Centers_Roundtable_Rollc"></a> Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Community_Support_Center"></a> Community Support Center </h3>
Burt - People are working on their Knowledge Base documents.
What are people's sites transition plans for the OSG 0.4.0 release?  Tuesday or Wednesday of next week?
<h3><a name="DOSAR"></a> DOSAR </h3>
Horst - no issues.  Plan to move to 0.4.0 is tentatively set for sometime after the new year.
<h3><a name="DZero"></a> DZero </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="Fermilab"></a> Fermilab </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="Florida_GOC"></a> Florida GOC </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="GADU"></a> GADU </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="GRASE"></a> GRASE </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="GROW"></a> GROW </h3>
Shaowen - Once 0.4.0 is ready they will have a production cluster set up shortly thereafter.
<h3><a name="LIGO"></a> LIGO </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="Prod_SLAC"></a> Prod_SLAC </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="SDSS_DES"></a> SDSS/DES </h3>
Neha - No operational issues.  No scheduled plans for moving to 0.4.0 at this time.
<h3><a name="STAR"></a> STAR </h3>
Doug - Will hopefully be upgrading to 0.4.0 shortly after it is released, tentatively sometime possibly in January.
<h3><a name="UChicago_CI"></a> UChicago CI </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="USATLAS"></a> USATLAS </h3>
No one attending.
<h3><a name="USCMS"></a> USCMS </h3>
Burt - No operational issues.
<h3><a name="VDT"></a> VDT </h3>
No one attending.
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Current_OSG_Trouble_Tickets_Revi"></a> Current OSG Trouble Tickets Review </span></h2>
<a href="http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm" target="_top">http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm</a>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Jan. 2-3 all OSG services hosted at IU will be unavailable due to the schedule power outage to the IU machine room.  Rob will be sending out notices.  This will also be a topic for tomorrow's Documentation Meeting.  Burt mentioned that it would be good to have redundancy in place in cases such as this, which is something to be discussed for future consideration.
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> 331 - Burt will followup.
</li> <li> 412 - Shaowen said that the 1.3.9 VDT release (which comes with 0.4.0) should resolve this issue.
</li> <li> 519 - We need to send a reminder to Aron.
</li> <li> 520 - CCR-Help has a ticket open and Rob will contact Mark for followup.
</li> <li> 542 - Nothing new. See ticket.
</li> <li> 580 - Alain is going to get to this when he gets a chance.
</li> <li> 599 - The new VO package could help this, but it is still being worked through.
</li> <li> 616 - For ticket exchange testing.
</li> <li> 618 - Kyle will discuss this in the Documentation Meeting tomorrow. It was on last week's agenda, but there weren't enough people in attendance to foster discussion.
</li> <li> 642 - Bandicoot RS at IU.
</li> <li> 419 - Burt said that John has a lot of other pririties right now, but Rob is also hoping to get to this after the holidays.
</li> <li> 550 - Facilities maintenance. Burt will review the ticket to see when this will be completed, it could be next week. He will followup and update the ticket.
</li> <li> 555 - Rob will followup with Luiz and Neha after the meeting.
</li> <li> 557 - Should be fixed <a href="/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA</a> that's in VDT 1.3.9. We'll verify and update/close the ticket.
</li> <li> 569 - We will need to email Bockjoo for an update.
</li> <li> 577 - Nothing new. See ticket.
</li> <li> 582 - Nothing new. See ticket.
</li> <li> 593 - Nothing new. See ticket.
</li> <li> 606 - Nothing new. See ticket.
</li> <li> 626 - Email sent to Yosif.
</li> <li> 635 - New RS registration at Texas, Lonstar.
</li> <li> 637 - New RS registration for ASIP. 
</li></ul> 
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Other_Issues"></a> Other Issues </span></h2>
Ticket exchange issue was brought up by Doug and Rob is taking a lead on this so he will do some followup and send out an update.
<h3><a name="Geant4"></a> Geant4 </h3>
<h3><a name="New_Registations"></a> New Registations </h3> <ul>
<li> RS - IU Bandicoot <ul>
<li> Rob called for this to be added to <a href="/bin/view/Operations/GridCat" class="twikiLink">GridCat</a> and there were no objections.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> RS - osg-login.lonestar (TACC) <ul>
<li> This is not a registered Support Center, so we will not add this until they have one.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> RS - ASIP_OSG <ul>
<li> It is an ITB registration, so we will have them send mail to say they are joining.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> SC - DZero <ul>
<li> DZero did register as a new Support Center last week. Discussion should be conducted tomorrow at the SC's meeting to verify information is complete and to make this official.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobQ" class="twikiLink">RobQ</a> - 19 Dec 2005</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Operations<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Operations/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">ProductionMeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MinutesDecember19</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r6 - 07 Feb 2017 - 19:16:32 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianBockelman" class="twikiLink">BrianBockelman</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />